Add bugfinder user manual (#176)
Gamify-IT/docs: user-manuals/minigames/bugfinder.md

# Bugfinder

Bugfinder is a minigame which is part of the Gamify-IT platform.

## About the Game

The goal with this game is finding errors and bugs in a code snippet.

> ![start menu screenshot](assets/bugfinder-start-screen.webp)
> When entering the game, the user is presented with a start screen. To start a game the user has to hit the `Start` button. To exit the game, the user can always press the red button on the top right.
> 
> ![game screenshot](assets/bugfinder-game-screen.webp)
> After clicking on the `Start` button, the user is presented with a code snippet.
> The player has to find all bugs in this code. 
> 
> ![fix bug screenshot](assets/bugfinder-fix-bug.webp)
> By clicking on words in this code snippets the user can select these bugs, correct them and specify the error type in a modal.
> When the bug was selected, it gets highligted.
> 
> If the user is sure that he has found all bugs, he can press the submit button to submit the solution.
> ![feedback screenshot](assets/bugfinder-feedback.webp)
> The user then gets feedback about his submitted bugs.
> 
> ![feedback screenshot](assets/bugfinder-end-screen.webp)
> After the user dealed with all codes the user finishes the game.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Appearance

![start menu screenshot](assets/bugfinder-start-screen.webp)

When entering the game, you see the start screen.  
To start a game, click on `Start`.  
To exit the game, click on the red button in the upper-right corner.

![game screenshot](assets/bugfinder-game-screen.webp)

After clicking on the `Start` button, you get a code snippet with some errors that you are tasked to find. 

![fix bug screenshot](assets/bugfinder-fix-bug.webp)

By clicking on words in this code snippet, you can mark this word as a bug, you can correct it, and you can specify the error type.  
Already selected bugs will be highlighted.

If you are sure that you have found all bugs, you can see your results by clicking on the `submit` button.
![feedback screenshot](assets/bugfinder-feedback.webp)

Next, you'll get another snippet.
Once you've submitted all snippets, you will see the end screen that finishes the game:
![feedback screenshot](assets/bugfinder-end-screen.webp)
```

# Bugfinder

_Bugfinder_ is a minigame for the _Gamify-IT_ platform.

## About the Game

The goal of _Bugfinder_ is to find and fix errors in a small program.

> ## Appearance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Gameplay
```
